what what is it look clouds
sun is shining on me don't touch me
ah
gross oh it's just so graphic
I just I want to be able to enjoy myself
I want to be able to go outside take a
walk and not have to worry about the Sun
being in my fucking face a beautiful
landscape distracting me people enjoying
themselves and loving each other while
I'm around nobody wants to see that only
sluts do that pour it up pour it up in
the park for everybody to see ruin ruin
my Sunday it's November why isn't it
snowing I mean it's just disgusting
cover yourself up like whatever happened
to good old fashioned clouds what has
the world come to where the Sun just
seems to can shine on the cascading
rocks in the landscape you just shine
with the Sun like the leaves are a
brilliant hue of orange and red and it's
really disgusting
I'm slutty I'm sorry I said it you gotta
be kidding you got
look at what I have this is what like I
hate about this time of the year is that
it's like so warm and nice I can take
off my fucking socks and walk in the
sand and I can feel the beautiful sand
granules between my toes and it feels
horrible it hurts
hate this
looks like a whole lot of fun a whole
lot of great fun what uh you know I'm
done I have
let's get the hell out of here
how many needles is he shared huh
you smell that smells like love and joy
the little bit of compassion
oh that it Oh it's foul oh my god
somebody let one out leave that tree
sick Sara seriously watch out there's a
tree right behind my god
Oh grow up are you kidding me look how
bright and beautiful that is it makes me
much spit
see the fact is like even though it's
not happening right now like I know that
children have played there and had a
good time and that's just it should put
a fence up
now that's more like
Oh